TNPG: All Brians (Brian Kang, Brian Wang, Ryan Lau)
APCS
L03 -- Get Empirical
2021-12-21

discos:
    0. we utilized the LinSearch and BinSearch files from the library
    1. (Ordered)ArrayLists are not the best data structure to use for this lab
    2. 100 million ints seems to be the most an array can hold without changing the heap size
    3. we added an optional program argument for the array length to find out the last disco without having to edit the source code everytime

qccs:
    0. upon testing, we had a single run of binary search take 118ms but the other runs during the same execution took 0 to 1ms. why did this happen?
    1. is there a sort faster than binary search?
    2. wouldn't the actual time it takes for the search to run also depend on your computer?
    3. how can it be that for some lin searches, it takes 0ms to find the target whose index is greater than two hundred thousand but also take 1ms to find the target whose index is (significantly )less than a hundred thousand

GALLERY TOUR:
Brian Wang's journey journal:
    0. GammaRay: only looked for worst case and total time, strange results since they only tested bin and lin searches an uneven number of times but only showed the total runtime. Ran many trials, did not test small arrays
    1. PBN: 5 arrays, 2 stored times, 3 stored datasets (200k, 400k, 600k), performed trials for every element in the array
    2. NYA: tested on 500k, 1M, 2M, with 1000 targets with 70 times on each target. Used an iteration tracker to track every run

Brian Kang's journey journal:
    0. JWJ: Had two versions of linear and binary search that allowed them to compare and contrast the different possible outcomes bases on the inputs.
    1. CNN: Claimed that their Binary search would run faster most of the time and they experimented with a different device. They used double to be more specific and hold more value. They claimed to search for a random target to add variety.
    2. BigApples: Claimed that Binary search was the fastest for everything they tried. They reaffirmed the belief that long is used for time measurements.     
